{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green110\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to the Foundry Network!\
\
Your instantiation of the Foundry at the University of Utah, Pierre Lassonde Entrepreneurship Center adds your institution to a growing network employing Foundry operational technology and pedagogy around the world.\'a0We are delighted to include you in this network! \'a0We hope you like Foundry V1.5, which is the version of the Foundry technology installed on your Dropbox.\
\
The development of the first version of the Foundry (.5, Summer 2010) through to the current version of the Foundry (1.5) was made possible due to the commitment of a host of volunteer participants and advisors, along with the\'a0generous support of 
\b Ally Bank
\b0 , 
\b JP Morgan Chase
\b0 , 
\b Epic Ventures
\b0 , several i
\b ndividual donors
\b0  (who prefer to remain anonymous), and the 
\b David Eccles School of Business, University of Utah
\b0 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 [aside: bill, i have also included everything in the foundry folder produced under a work-for-hire agreement (e.g. katie) or material from e-mail messages of yours that i "converted" to documents. so you are getting a bit more "extra" stuff - some of it is unpolished, but i wanted to let you know that this is in there, too - don't be surprised if you review a document and it is not "foundry formatted" - it is just extra].\'a0
\i0 \
\
This e-mail informs you of your rights, and your responsibilities, related to using Foundry technology at your institution, as well as requirements for participating in the Foundry network (e.g. receiving support and additional upgrades to Foundry technology).\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Your Rights\ulnone \
Foundry operational and educational technology - everything you have received, and the folder structure in which you have received it - is registered under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike license.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://creativecommons.org/licenses/}}\
\
This license allows others (you) to remix, tweak, and build upon the Foundry technology - even for commercial purposes (in your case, charging participants tuition and fees) 
\b as long as you credit and license new creations under identical terms
\b0 .\'a0\
\
You have the right to use Foundry technology and create new material in service of your version of the Foundry - for commercial and non-commercial use. And, the intellectual property that you (and other participants in the Foundry network) create in service of the Foundry is licensed under this same license. You have already received the benefit of this license, as the innovations of several other Foundries have already been incorporated in this version!\'a0\
\
We look forward to your ideas and improvements, as they are contributions to the community. We have added your e-mail address to the Foundry Administration e-mail list and look forward to including you in our ongoing dialogue about how to generate better outcomes for participants using less capital and less time (our objective function is helping more people, quicker, with less resources).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \ul Your Responsibilities\ulnone \
Your use of the Foundry technology is an agreement to share data related to Foundry performance outcomes. Today, we accept that data in one of two ways - either anonymous "roll ups" that you provide (and we summarize in a yearly Economic Impact Report) or by surveying cohorts directly through access to a mailing list. We do not accept collections of cohort management reports as data, as those management reports and the metrics contained within them are the property of the team that produces them (said another way, anything in the /Cohorts folder does not belong to Foundry administrators, it is the property of the company). An example Economic Impact Report is provided in the /Administration folder.\'a0\
\
Your use of the Foundry technology also requires that you license, and distribute, new creations to the Foundry network. We make this easy for you in two ways - first, through a folder structure that allows you to quickly create a document collection (e.g. - include everything not in the "Companies" folder) and by doing so only once a year. Currently, we accomplish this auditing function remotely, but we hope someday in the future to hold a conference where we gather together Foundry administration participants and review best practices together. At present, we request this material each June (to align with Summer break, where Rob leads the team that reviews Foundry advances, performance, and updates Foundry technology; and to align with the reporting requirements of some of our key donors).\
\
Using Foundry technology at your institution indicates that you understand the terms of use, the spirit of those terms (the intention of the Foundry) and you agree to them.\
\
Have fun making an impact!}