{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Robert Wuebker}
{\*\company Release 3}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17140\viewh13800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Foundry is an entrepreneurship program designed for student-led founding teams. We provide access to resources, training, mentors, capital and curriculum - and plug teams into a growing community that is interested in helping you succeed. Any student-led startup can apply, irrespective of what school you go to. Participants are not required to register for a class in order to participate in the program - but the Foundry is available as an optional for-credit class for those who would like that.\
\
F3 - our third cohort of roughly 20 teams - begins 16 May and continues through 22 August. \
\
Any type of startup is welcome at the Foundry. Traditional small businesses, mobile applications, creative or lifestyle companies, enterprise-class software, medical devices - everybody gets to play. We are interested in training you, and as long as  your idea is something you care about (can put you "at risk to learn") then we are interested in working with you. \
\
Our program requirements are lightweight, so you can participate in internships, hold a full-time job, or even participate in other incubator programs (for example, BoomStartup or the University of Utah TCO Accelerator) while participating in the Foundry. You can learn more about the program itself and the requirements for teams at our Foundry TV page on YouTube: \
\
http://www.youtube.com/user/USparkFoundryTV#grid/user/1518F9248A4AFA18\
\
What you develop in the program - the intellectual property and value you create - is yours. The Foundry is an educational experience, and as such we aren't interested in taking an equity position in your company, having some claim over your work, or charging you fees for rent or services rendered. Because the program is free (it is in large measure a volunteer endeavor and a community service) and we aren't interested in generating a return off your hard work, we are afforded the opportunity to select for characteristics we care about most. We are looking for smart, motivated, nice people who are coachable and who are interested in contributing to the community at large.\
\
You don't even have to have an idea to participate in the Foundry. If you are a (extremely) motivated student with a set of skills and a commitment to service, there is room for you if you want to put your shoulder to the wheel.\
\
That being said, we are interested in - and will select for and cap attendance to include - committed, capable teams with the will to maximize the Foundry opportunity, or individuals we feel can contribute powerfully to help another entrepreneur realize their dream. Period.\
\
Individuals who have participated in Robert Wuebker's DESB entrepreneurship curriculum have pole position in the application process (where "participation" in this context means you were a registered student for that class, a drop-in student from the U or another university, or a general lurker). Basically, if we know you, then it is easier to evaluate the quality of your work. Thus, many of you interviewed for the program by being in Rob's class, and depending on your performance that is either good or bad news.  \
\
We will cap enrollment at the number of teams that we believe we can safely commit to providing a high level of attention and mentorship given the resources at hand. That's a shifting number, but it is typically 20 teams.\
\
The application deadline for the program is 30 April. We will notify participants by 6 May.\
\
Thanks for applying.}