{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 FoundrySLC (www.foundryslc.com) is both the newest and oldest Foundry in Utah. Run by a group of the original creators of the Foundry, we are holding an information session for prospective participants on Wednesday, April 30th. You can join us in person, over the wire using Google Hangouts on Air, or watch the recording after the event.\
\
FoundrySLC Kick-Off\
30th April 2014, Wednesday, 6pm\
390 South 300 East, Salt Lake City\'a0\
\
What is the Foundry?\
The Foundry exists to forge lifetime entrepreneurial leaders. We do this by providing founding teams with (1) State-of-the-art management methods that emphasize precision execution and document-driven cultures; (2) Just-in-time skills training that are relevant and startup-specific, and (3) Peer-driven coaching, networking and access to the larger entrepreneurial community.\
\
The Foundry Is A Community\
The Foundry is open (to everybody) and is free (really). No one is going to charge you to participate, there's no rent, no pass-through services, no "consulting fees", no lurking, creepy service providers. Everyone you encounter in the community \'97 all these nice people helping to train and support you \'97 they are volunteers, most often previous participants. They give back because they have been given to.\
\
There are two reasons that the Foundry community is structured such that it works (generates results) without predating on startups.\
\
The Rationale\
The main reason is freedom. If you don\'92t pay, you are not a \'93revenue stream\'94. This gives us a lot of latitude about what we do and who we work with. Cohorts do not have to be a certain size. We run a program when there is a request for one. We can focus on being effective and training people in what works, and do not need to pander to anyone\'92s whimsical notions about the latest fashionable business validation methodology. If you like it, you participate. If you don\'92t, you don\'92t. If it works, people give back and it continues. If not, it stops, and the community will do something else. Life goes on.\'a0\
\
The second reason is that the organizational contractual, incentive, and operational approaches that undergird other programs that claim to help startups actually prevent them from helping, and often make matters worse. The data show that most new businesses that enter into the \'93incubator/accelerator\'94 event horizon actually have worse outcomes than simply leaving those same startups alone. No one likes that data, and talking about that at cool startup accelerator people parties means we get left alone a lot next to the spinach dip and don\'92t get tagged in the group selfie.\'a0\
\
The reason no one likes talking about treatment effect (program impact) is that, for most of these programs, there is no treatment to report. That\'92s a tough marketing problem to deal with, if you are an accelerator or incubator. The result is a classic \'93lemons problem\'94 (Akerlof, 1970). The only companies that get into accelerators are the ones willing to take a particularly strange deal - a chunk of your company to receive training that does not move the needle at best, and usually makes things worse. On the surface, we \'93look\'94 like an accelerator - there is internets, a co-working space, and lots of young people wearing headphones and doing youngsters do. But the important stuff is what happens under the hood - the culture, the curriculum, and the underlying economic model. That is where the difference is, and that is why the Foundry model works.\
\
The Crucible\
At the Foundry, we actually do not care about your company. It is your job to care about your company. We don\'92t need it to survive to harvest an investment, or have you keep paying consulting fees or rent, or paying off your chunk of venture debt. Your company is your problem. You can care about it. We care about you, and we care about training you. We assume that by training you well, a great entrepreneurial community will emerge, and great companies will come from that. \
\
Our conjecture is that maniacally focusing on training leaders and teams, we get great companies "for free". The idea you bring into the Foundry is the context (the crucible) in which this coaching occurs. So, to participate in the Foundry you need an idea (the context for coaching) and you have to be coachable. That's it.\
\
For those accepted into the program, we are running the Foundry bootcamp on May 10th and starting our next cohort on May 12th.\
\
Meet and park at the former Central Christian Church (Church and State) building across from the library on 400 S, across the street from the 7-11 on 300 E. We break bread together at 6. At 7 we are dividing into two groups: alumni and volunteers will organize into working groups to start handling the business of running FoundrySLC. Those interested in applying for the next cohort can participate in a Q&A session about the program.\'a0\
\
Stay late if you like. Foundry parties are legend, and usually move off site to do something else, somewhere else, often noisily.\'a0\
\
We hope to see you there.\
}