{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Robert Wuebker}
{\*\company Release 3}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Some news: I think I have decided to go with Fat Flour as my bakery name, thoughts on this appreciated.\
\
For you guys, I have decided on some tasty things that I know will live for at least a week in the sealed/fridge storage and still be just as good:\
\
Cookies:\
\
THEO: Theo is a cookie, three types of chocolate and cacao nibs. Its soft and brownie like. Its high in theobromine, hence the name. Its kind of like sexual chocolate.\
The Fil: Think Peanut butter cookie, classic - only without PB>>>> with rich, toasted Hazelnut butter - rolled in a fine raw sugar and sea salt coating. Its named after the British word ford hazelnut, filbert.\
Best Chocolate Chip Cookie: Pretty simple. Classic. Two kinds of chocolate, buttery, good with milk.\
Earl Grey: Vanilla Shortbread cookie sandwiched with lemon/earl grey tea icing. They are the size of silver dollars, and I'm thinking sold in 3's.\
\
Cakes:\
\
Banana Bread: either in a large loaf for slicing (presentation is nice, maybe not as reliable for portioning) or in mini loaves (2.5 inch by 1.5 inch) - its classic in flavor, but better. Its extremely moist and banana-y.\
Poundcake: Brown Sugar, Super Lemon or Vanilla Bean. Same availability as above.\
\
Candies:\
\
I am working on a caramel candy bar in two versions: Sesame/Miso with rice, and Vanilla Pecan. Both covered in chocolate. \
\
I have a vacuum sealer, which I think will help us out a lot - and as long as you guys agree to the storage requirements for optimal freshness I think these items will be wonderful. If you do not see something here that you were anticipating, tell me. I love making things my own and working on recipes.\
\
\
-- \
nicole mournian\
}